Welcome, in this video, we're going to be looking at labels within the GitHub issues feature.
I'm currently logged into GitHub, and I'm currently in the "website" repository.
And, within that repository, I'm within the issues feature.
Before I create an issue, I want to review the labels and perhaps even add some.
So, on the main issues page, click on labels.
Labels are a way of categorizing our issues.
By default, there are seven labels that come with issues:
bug, duplicate, enhancement, help wanted, invalid, question, and wontfix.
Most of these should be self-explanatory. For example,
bugs are intended for issues that are bug reports
and enhancements would be new features that we want to add to the particular project.
With each one of these, we have the option of editing or deleting the particular label.
So, let's do that; let's say, for our repository, "help wanted" really doesn't mean anything.
So, we're going to delete that particular label; click on delete to delete the label.
Once you click on that, GitHub will prompt you "Are you sure?" you want to delete the label.
Click on "Delete label" button to continue with the deletion,
or if you want to keep it click on cancel.
Since I'm not interested in that particular label, I'm going to click on "Delete label".
Now I'm down to six labels. Another option I have is to simply edit and existing label.
So, let's do that; find a label that you want to change and click on edit.
I'm going to edit the invalid label; click on "Edit".
The edit allows us to change two aspects: the name and the color associated.
Instead of "invalid" I wish to use "not applicable".
I'm also going to change the color to this light violet.
Once you've made the changes that you're happy with, click on "Save changes".
Finally, let's create a new label; go to the green button at the top that says "New label".
Click "New label", then that provides us an opportunity to provide a name
and a color for our new label. I'm going to use the text critical
to denote something more severe than bug, and I'm going to choose the orange for the color.
Once I'm happy with this, click on create label. Great, so this is my new list of labels.
Also, if you wanted to create more labels, the new label feature
is still available, so you can continue to add additional labels as you need to.
Once you're done creating all your labels, click on cancel.
Great, now that I'm done with the labels, I'm going to rerun back to my main issues page.